So now our edit is ready to be exported, I was super excited about the demo reel that we've created
together, and now I want to show you we're going to export this in three different ways so that we
can share it online, where you can share it online with your audience on all platforms.
So like we talked about, the main aspect ratio for YouTube and Vimeo is going to be sixteen by nine,
which is standard across all videos.
If your project is at 10 ATP boom export of that 10 ATP, if it's at four K, you can export it at Fourcade.
So let's go over to our edit and let's go up to file.
We're going to hit export.
We're going to go to YouTube.
The preset for YouTube, if it's going to Vimeo, you can go to the preset for Vimeo.
It's going to be an export at 10 ATP.
Let's just go ahead and do Vimeo.
And we want to make sure that for our audio settings, we're at the highest quality possible and that
our bit rate of sea is our bit rate is going to be at 320.
That's just means the maximum rate is the best.
It's just all you need to know.
We're going to go to render at maximum depth as well.
This is for the video side and use max render quality.
Now we're in our exports folder and we're going to table this demo reel final Vimeo.
Or you can do the date.
So you can do let's just say the date was for twelve two thousand sixty and we had save and then we
can either export or added to the queue.
Let's just go ahead and add it to our queue.
That way we can kind of do multiple things here at the same time.
So while that's doing its thing in the background, I'm going to take our main sequence, which is our
demo reel, main select sequence.
I want to duplicate it.
And I'm going to title this demo, Real mean insta gramme.
OK.
Because the previous edit they were doing is for standard like Facebook, YouTube, all that stuff.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and nest everything in this sequence.
So I'm going to select all my video.
I'm going to hit Nest.
And now we have all of our video files as one in our video.
Now, what we can do is go to our demo reel Instagram version of our sequence that we just created.
And we can change the aspect ratio from 16 by nine to I believe the ratio is yes, four by five, which
is going to give us that vertical video aspect ratio on Instagram.
So four by five.
To do that, the pixel count is twelve hundred by 1400.
So you can see it shows the ratio now.
And what's that?
What that's going to do is now make our sequence settings perfect for viewing the really cool vertical
video on your Instagram feed.
But you can see there's a problem.
And that's why we nested our sequence first, because now we have to scale up our footage to properly
fit this new sequence.
But once we do that, then this is ready to be shared on a platform just like Instagram.
So I'm going to go ahead and do that same process that we did for the previous edit.
But I'm going to go for mobile device because it's going to be played on a mobile device to get rid
of these black bars.
I'm going to hit match source.
That's going to create the proper aspect ratio as our timeline.
I'm going to go to max settings.
I'm going to make sure that the audio is set at 320.
It's not.
It's set to 128.
We don't want that.
That means there's not as much information in the soundtrack.
We want max information there.
I'm going to go here.
I'm going to go man Instagram.
And we can date this one, too.
Let's do six.
Seventy years.
Three thousand.
OK.
And I'm going to add this to the queue as well.
And market place so that these can start exporting in the background.